com/example/food/bean/Browse.java
 com.example.food.bean.Browse
com/example/food/util/SPUtils.java
 com.example.food.util.SPUtils
 com.example.food.util.SPUtils$SharedPreferencesCompat
com/example/food/bean/Orders.java
 com.example.food.bean.Orders
com/example/food/MyApplication.java
 com.example.food.MyApplication
com/example/food/widget/ActionBar.java
 com.example.food.widget.ActionBar
 com.example.food.widget.ActionBar$1
 com.example.food.widget.ActionBar$2
 com.example.food.widget.ActionBar$3
 com.example.food.widget.ActionBar$4
 com.example.food.widget.ActionBar$5
 com.example.food.widget.ActionBar$6
 com.example.food.widget.ActionBar$7
 com.example.food.widget.ActionBar$8
 com.example.food.widget.ActionBar$ActionBarClickListener
com/example/food/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.food.BuildConfig
com/example/food/adapter/BrowseAdapter.java
 com.example.food.adapter.BrowseAdapter
 com.example.food.adapter.BrowseAdapter$1
 com.example.food.adapter.BrowseAdapter$ItemListener
 com.example.food.adapter.BrowseAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/food/bean/User.java
 com.example.food.bean.User
com/example/food/bean/Fruit.java
 com.example.food.bean.Fruit
com/example/food/util/StatusBarUtil.java
 com.example.food.util.StatusBarUtil
com/example/food/ui/activity/AddFruitActivity.java
 com.example.food.ui.activity.AddFruitActivity
 com.example.food.ui.activity.AddFruitActivity$1
com/example/food/ui/activity/FruitDetailActivity.java
 com.example.food.ui.activity.FruitDetailActivity
 com.example.food.ui.activity.FruitDetailActivity$1
 com.example.food.ui.activity.FruitDetailActivity$2
 com.example.food.ui.activity.FruitDetailActivity$3
com/example/food/ui/activity/UserDetailActivity.java
 com.example.food.ui.activity.UserDetailActivity
 com.example.food.ui.activity.UserDetailActivity$1
com/example/food/ui/fragment/OrderFragment.java
 com.example.food.ui.fragment.OrderFragment
 com.example.food.ui.fragment.OrderFragment$1
 com.example.food.ui.fragment.OrderFragment$2
com/example/food/ui/fragment/UserManageFragment.java
 com.example.food.ui.fragment.UserManageFragment
 com.example.food.ui.fragment.UserManageFragment$1
 com.example.food.ui.fragment.UserManageFragment$2
com/example/food/ui/fragment/UserFragment.java
 com.example.food.ui.fragment.UserFragment
 com.example.food.ui.fragment.UserFragment$1
 com.example.food.ui.fragment.UserFragment$2
 com.example.food.ui.fragment.UserFragment$3
 com.example.food.ui.fragment.UserFragment$4
com/example/food/ui/activity/LoginActivity.java
 com.example.food.ui.activity.LoginActivity
 com.example.food.ui.activity.LoginActivity$1
 com.example.food.ui.activity.LoginActivity$2
 com.example.food.ui.activity.LoginActivity$3
 com.example.food.ui.activity.LoginActivity$4
com/example/food/adapter/FruitAdapter.java
 com.example.food.adapter.FruitAdapter
 com.example.food.adapter.FruitAdapter$1
 com.example.food.adapter.FruitAdapter$2
 com.example.food.adapter.FruitAdapter$2$1
 com.example.food.adapter.FruitAdapter$2$2
 com.example.food.adapter.FruitAdapter$ItemListener
 com.example.food.adapter.FruitAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/food/ui/activity/PersonActivity.java
 com.example.food.ui.activity.PersonActivity
 com.example.food.ui.activity.PersonActivity$1
 com.example.food.ui.activity.PersonActivity$2
com/example/food/ui/activity/RegisterActivity.java
 com.example.food.ui.activity.RegisterActivity
 com.example.food.ui.activity.RegisterActivity$1
 com.example.food.ui.activity.RegisterActivity$2
 com.example.food.ui.activity.RegisterActivity$3
com/example/food/adapter/OrderAdapter.java
 com.example.food.adapter.OrderAdapter
 com.example.food.adapter.OrderAdapter$1
 com.example.food.adapter.OrderAdapter$2
 com.example.food.adapter.OrderAdapter$2$1
 com.example.food.adapter.OrderAdapter$2$2
 com.example.food.adapter.OrderAdapter$ItemListener
 com.example.food.adapter.OrderAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/food/adapter/UserAdapter.java
 com.example.food.adapter.UserAdapter
 com.example.food.adapter.UserAdapter$1
 com.example.food.adapter.UserAdapter$2
 com.example.food.adapter.UserAdapter$2$1
 com.example.food.adapter.UserAdapter$2$2
 com.example.food.adapter.UserAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/food/ui/activity/BrowseActivity.java
 com.example.food.ui.activity.BrowseActivity
 com.example.food.ui.activity.BrowseActivity$1
 com.example.food.ui.activity.BrowseActivity$2
com/example/food/ui/activity/PasswordActivity.java
 com.example.food.ui.activity.PasswordActivity
 com.example.food.ui.activity.PasswordActivity$1
com/example/food/ui/activity/OpeningActivity.java
 com.example.food.ui.activity.OpeningActivity
 com.example.food.ui.activity.OpeningActivity$1
com/example/food/ui/activity/MainActivity.java
 com.example.food.ui.activity.MainActivity
 com.example.food.ui.activity.MainActivity$1
 com.example.food.ui.activity.MainActivity$2
 com.example.food.ui.activity.MainActivity$3
 com.example.food.ui.activity.MainActivity$4
 com.example.food.ui.activity.MainActivity$5
com/example/food/ui/fragment/FruitFragment.java
 com.example.food.ui.fragment.FruitFragment
 com.example.food.ui.fragment.FruitFragment$1
 com.example.food.ui.fragment.FruitFragment$2
 com.example.food.ui.fragment.FruitFragment$3
 com.example.food.ui.fragment.FruitFragment$4
 com.example.food.ui.fragment.FruitFragment$5
